Update TS-JS, TinyGo and Python Re: KV & RDBMS (#793)
fermyon/developer: content/spin/go-components.md

> Make sure to read [the page describing the HTTP trigger](./http-trigger.md) for more
> details about building HTTP applications.

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

> ## Storing Data in Relational Databases

Reviewer: ```suggestion
## Storing Data in SQLite
```

> For more information about using relational databases from TinyGo, see [Relational Databases](rdbms-storage).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For more information about using SQLite from TinyGo, see [SQLite Storage](sqlite-api-guide).
```

> Make sure to read [the page describing the HTTP trigger](./http-trigger.md) for more
> details about building HTTP applications.

## Storing Data in the Spin Key-Value Store

Spin has a key-value store built in. For information about using it from Rust, see [the key-value store tutorial](kv-store-tutorial).

## Storing Data in SQLite Relational Databases

For more information about using SQLite relational databases from TinyGo, see [SQLite storage](sqlite-api-guide).

> ## Storing Data in MySQL and PostgreSQL Relational Databases

Reviewer: not supported in Go as far as I know

Author: Thanks, updated in new push.
